README.md, before:

download_binary
=========

This is a generic role which includes the following tasks:
- unarchive -> download and unarchive the zip-file for installation
- copy -> copy the binary to bin-folder
- remove -> remove the downloaded directory.

If required, the role checks whether the package is already installed and its version if installed, before doing the tasks above. When the wanted version does not match the installed version, it proceeds with the installation, otherwise the tasks above are skipped to save time.

Requirements
------------

- unzip
- curl or wget

Role Variables
--------------

The role takes in a python dictionary with the following values: 
- bin_name: binary name
- bin_version: binary version
- source_url: the link to the installation file
- bin_to_copy: path of the binary, which will be copied to bin-folder
- to_remove: path of the downloaded and unpacked installation file, which will be removed
- bin_dir: directory of the bin-folder, usually "/usr/bin/" or "/usr/local/bin/".

Dependencies
------------

None.

Example Playbook
----------------

```
- hosts: myserver
  vars:
    download_dir: "/tmp/downloads/" # dir will be created if it doesent exists
    cli:
      terraform:
        bin_name: 'terraform'
        bin_version: '0.12.24'
        source_url: "https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.12.24/terraform_0.12.24_linux_amd64.zip"
        bin_to_copy: "terraform"
        bin_dir: "/usr/local/bin/"
        to_remove: "terraform"
        check_bin_version_before_installing: true

      velero:
        bin_name: "velero"
        bin_version: "1.3.1"
        check_bin_version_before_installing: true
        source_url: "https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/releases/download/v1.3.1/velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz"
        bin_to_copy: "velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64/velero"
        to_remove: "velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64"
        bin_dir: "/usr/local/bin/"

  tasks:
    - name: call role download_binary in a loop
      include_role:
        name: download_binary
      loop: "{{ lookup('dict', cli, wantlist=True) }}"
```

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Xiaomin Lai, 03/2020, xiaomin.lai@sva.de
Patrick Hermann, 03/2020, patrick.hermann@sva.de

Commit message:

added function of deleting binary

README.md, after:

download_binary
=========

This role includes the following tasks:
- check whether the binary has been installed, and whether it locates in the ```bin_dir```
- Install (when ```wanted_status="present"```, default) or delete (when ```wanted_status="absent"```) the binary file. The parameter ```wanted_status``` is usually overwriten by a config-file, e.g. cherry file.
- If binary installed and version check required, the role checks binary version. When the wanted version does not match the installed version, it proceeds with the installation, otherwise the installation tasks are skipped to save time.

The process of installing binary:
- unarchive -> download and unarchive the zip-file for installation
- copy -> copy the binary to bin-folder
- remove -> remove the downloaded directory.


Requirements
------------

- unzip
- curl or wget

Role Variables
--------------

The role takes in a python dictionary with the following values: 
- bin_name: binary name
- bin_version: binary version
- source_url: the link to the installation file
- bin_to_copy: path of the binary, which will be copied to bin-folder
- to_remove: path of the downloaded and unpacked installation file, which will be removed
- bin_dir: directory of the bin-folder, usually "/usr/bin/" or "/usr/local/bin/".

Dependencies
------------

None.

Example Playbook
----------------

```
- hosts: myserver
  vars:
    download_dir: "/tmp/downloads" # dir will be created if it doesent exists
    cli:
      terraform:
        bin_name: 'terraform'
        bin_version: '0.12.24'
        source_url: "https://releases.hashicorp.com/terraform/0.12.24/terraform_0.12.24_linux_amd64.zip"
        bin_to_copy: "terraform"
        bin_dir: "/usr/local/bin"
        to_remove: "terraform"
        check_bin_version_before_installing: true

      velero:
        bin_name: "velero"
        bin_version: "1.3.1"
        check_bin_version_before_installing: true
        source_url: "https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/velero/releases/download/v1.3.1/velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz"
        bin_to_copy: "velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64/velero"
        to_remove: "velero-v1.3.1-linux-amd64"
        bin_dir: "/usr/local/bin"

  tasks:
    - name: call role download_binary in a loop
      include_role:
        name: download_binary
      loop: "{{ lookup('dict', cli, wantlist=True) }}"
```

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

Xiaomin Lai, 03/2020, xiaomin.lai@sva.de
Patrick Hermann, 03/2020, patrick.hermann@sva.de
